Reports: this requirements file produces TWO separate PDFs. Do NOT merge them, and
do not let either one summarise the other's findings in place of producing it.

   1) Common/Reports/LegalComplianceAuditReport.pdf
      Sections 1 to 5 — outbound exposure. Everything about user-uploaded documents
      and the AI-generated derivatives built from them. Hand-authored per the
      Presentation rules in Common/Audits/Audit.txt.

   2) Common/Reports/DependencyLicenceReport.pdf
      Section 6 — inbound dependency licensing. GENERATED, never hand-written, by
      Common/Scripts/RenderDependencyLicenceReport.py, which collects its data live
      from the manifests and installed package metadata at render time and computes
      its own weighted rating from that data. Regenerate it as the first step of
      section 6 and read the result; do not audit dependency licences from memory,
      from requirements.txt alone, or from the previous PDF.

   The split is deliberate. The dependency inventory is ~600 rows that change on
   every npm install and every re-freeze, and it is mechanically derivable; folding
   it into the hand-authored audit would either bury sections 1 to 5 or, worse,
   invite someone to hand-copy a stale table forward. Keeping it a generated
   artefact is what makes it trustworthy.

   Report (2) is exempt from two of the Presentation rules in Common/Audits/Audit.txt,
   and only those two: it carries no "Action" column, because a per-row disposition
   on 600 transitive packages is noise rather than information — the Class column
   already says which rows can cost anything; and it cites package identity and the
   manifest it came from rather than file paths and line numbers, because a licence
   lives in package metadata and not at a line of this repository's source. Every
   other rule in Audit.txt applies to it in full, including the mandatory PDF theme,
   the closing 1-to-10 rating, and re-deriving everything from current state.

Role: Act as a Senior Software Architect and Legal-Tech Compliance Auditor.

Objective: Scan this codebase to evaluate legal and compliance exposure on both
sides of the licence boundary — outbound, for user-uploaded documents (such as
coaching institute textbooks, PDFs, and notes) and AI-generated outputs
(flashcards, notes, summaries, study material, mock tests); and inbound, for the
third-party code and model weights the platform itself is built on.

Conduct a systematic audit across the following specific architectural risk areas:

1) File Lifecycle & Retention (Ephemeral Processing Check)
   - Locate ALL handlers processing file uploads (PDFs, images, docs, scans, attachments).
     Do not stop at the primary document-upload path; support attachments, answer-sheet
     scans, invoices and any other upload surface count.
   - Check where files are stored (S3/Linode Object Storage, GCS, local disk, vector
     databases, Redis, temp directories).
   - Flag any code path where original uploaded documents are retained permanently or
     indefinitely rather than cleaned up immediately post-extraction.
   - For every storage location, establish whether a deletion path, TTL or reaper
     actually exists. An enum value or a field that nothing consumes is not a lifecycle.
   - Verify whether source documents can be directly accessed or downloaded by other
     users via unauthenticated or public URLs.

2) System Prompts & Content Transformation (Derivative Work Risk)
   - Inspect all system prompts, LLM API calls, and generation pipelines.
   - Flag prompts that request verbatim text extraction, direct block quotes, or
     retaining original phrasing from source documents.
   - Propose refactored system prompts that enforce conceptual rephrasing, summarization
     and original sentence structures.
   - CONSTRAINT (mandatory): definitions, formulae, constants, chemical species,
     statutory/standard definitions, technical terms of art and numerical values MUST
     remain factually accurate and MUST NOT be paraphrased or fabricated by an LLM.
     Copyright does not protect facts, and merger doctrine covers statements with only
     one accurate expression — so reproducing those exactly is both legally safe and
     required for correctness. Only prose, where alternative phrasings exist, must be
     re-authored. Never propose a fix that trades accuracy for originality.

3) Tenant Isolation & Database Leakage (Data Segregation)
   - Check database schemas and queries for user-uploaded source data and generated
     flashcards/notes/study material/mock tests.
   - Verify generated content is strictly scoped to the uploading user (userId / tenant
     boundary).
   - Flag any global search indices, shared vector collections, or public library queries
     that pool user-generated materials across accounts without authorization checks.
   - Check EVERY retrieval path, not just the shared query engine. A workflow that builds
     its own aggregation pipeline bypasses whatever the query engine enforces.

4) Model Training & Data Logging (Third-Party API Hygiene)
   - Check LLM client configurations (OpenAI, Anthropic, Gemini/Vertex, etc.) and payload
     loggers.
   - Flag any logic logging raw uploaded document content, or brand-bearing identifiers
     such as original filenames, to application logs or external analytics.
   - Confirm whether API parameters adhere to zero-data-retention / non-training options.
     A favourable posture inherited from a platform default is weaker than one asserted
     in code — flag silent fallbacks that change the posture.

5) Legal Intermediary Provisions (Safe Harbour Safeguards)
   - Check for sanitization filters or blocklists removing registered brand/coaching
     institute names (e.g. Narayana, Allen, FIITJEE) from user-facing public titles or tags.
   - Check whether export or share handlers expose central server links rather than
     exporting pure local payload files.
   - Check whether a takedown capability exists AND whether it is complete: removing a
     source document is not a takedown if the flashcards, study material and mock tests
     generated from it survive. Check whether generated entities record provenance back
     to their source at all.
   - Check for contractual safeguards (UGC rights warranty, indemnity, infringing-content
     prohibition, named Grievance Officer with contact details and statutory timelines).

6) Third-Party Dependency Licensing (Inbound Licence Exposure)
   OUTPUT: Common/Reports/DependencyLicenceReport.pdf — its own report, not a
   section of LegalComplianceAuditReport.pdf.

   - Regenerate it first, before reading anything:
         Agent/.venv/Scripts/python.exe Common/Scripts/RenderDependencyLicenceReport.py
     It collects live from Agent/requirements.txt (resolved against the installed
     venv metadata), Dock/node_modules, Common/node_modules, the hand-declared
     vendored browser libraries in Main/ThirdParty, and the hand-declared runtime
     model weights. Audit against what it reports, not against the previous run.
   - That report contains a summary, the inventory tables, and a weighted rating out
     of 10 — the same closing rating every other audit gives. The rating is computed
     from the collected data, so DO NOT hand-edit a score into it. If a score looks
     wrong, the fix is in the scoring constants on the LicenceRating class in the
     renderer, and changing them is a deliberate re-weighting to be justified, not a
     nudge to make a number read better.
   - Everything the checks below surface belongs in that report. Extend the renderer
     when a check needs a new column, table or dimension; the report stays generated.
     The only thing that goes in LegalComplianceAuditReport.pdf is a one-line pointer
     to it, with no restated findings and no restated rating.
   - CogniumLearn is a closed-source hosted service. A network-copyleft licence
     (AGPL, SSPL, OSL) obliges us to offer every user the Corresponding Source of
     the whole service, which is flatly incompatible with paid decks, the paid-deck
     encryption scheme and the obfuscated frontend. Flag every such dependency
     regardless of whether it was added deliberately or arrived transitively.
   - Weak copyleft (LGPL, MPL) is acceptable for a hosted service that does not
     modify the library, and is NOT a finding on its own. Do not propose replacing
     a working LGPL/MPL dependency to chase a cleaner licence column.
   - Reconcile the inventory against Agent/Verification/VerifyDependencyLicences.py:
     confirm the gate still passes, that ACKNOWLEDGED_EXCEPTIONS has not silently
     grown, and that nothing acknowledged there has been forgotten. An entry in
     that list is a decision log, not a snooze button.
   - Reconcile it against Common/ReadmeFiles/Deployment.md §2.2.1. A licence
     migration the documentation records as CLOSED while the pin, the acknowledged
     exception or the installed package survives is a finding in its own right —
     the documentation and the shipped artefact disagree, and only one of them
     ships.
   - Check the surfaces the pip-metadata gate structurally cannot see, because this
     project's licence debt came from exactly there twice:
       * model weights downloaded from Hugging Face at runtime (code licence and
         weights licence are frequently different — verify the weights);
       * pre-built libraries vendored under Main/ThirdParty, which carry no
         manifest and whose licences are recorded by hand in the renderer;
       * the Tauri desktop/mobile shell, whose Rust crate set lives in the
         gitignored Build/Template and is therefore outside any repository scan.
         State this coverage gap explicitly rather than implying the sweep is total.
   - Check attribution: permissive licences (MIT, BSD, ISC, Apache-2.0) all require
     the copyright and licence notices to be retained, and Apache-2.0 additionally
     requires any NOTICE file to travel with redistribution. Verify this survives
     the aggressive build — minification and obfuscation strip comments, and the
     desktop/mobile installers redistribute binaries rather than serve them.
   - Record any component whose metadata declares no licence at all; absent is not
     the same as permissive, and each needs manual confirmation upstream.
   - When a check above produces a finding the renderer cannot express as inventory
     data — a stale acknowledged exception, a documentation-versus-pin disagreement,
     a stripped attribution notice — add it to the renderer as a declared row or a
     rating dimension rather than writing it into the other report. The rule is that
     the whole of section 6 is answerable from one generated PDF.

Output requirements (these apply to LegalComplianceAuditReport.pdf, sections 1 to 5;
section 6's report is produced by its renderer and is not hand-authored):
- Executive Risk Summary table rating each architectural component High / Medium / Low.
  Inbound dependency licensing is NOT one of those rows — it has its own report and
  its own rating. Carry a single pointer line to that report instead.
- Flagged findings with exact File Path and Line Numbers.
- Proposed Code Fixes & Prompt Refactor Specifications.
- Every table (the executive summary and every findings table) MUST carry an "Action"
  column whose value is exactly one of:
      "Needs immediate action"  /  "Change recommended"  /  "No action needed"
  This column is NOT derived from the severity rating. Severity says how bad the exposure
  is; the action column says what to do about it, and the two legitimately diverge — an
  accepted trade-off can be Medium and still need no action, while a trivial Low defect is
  still worth fixing. Set it per finding.
- Record verified controls as findings too (rated PASS / No action needed), so the report
  states what is working, not only what is broken.
- Include an Operational Notes section for anything that changes deployment behaviour
  (env vars that now gate boot, defaults that changed, features left disabled pending
  calibration).
